Update colors.md (#100)
JuliaPlots/MakieGallery.jl: docs/src/colors.md

@example_database("Colormap collection", 4)

> __Note:__ Due to the font in the image above, it may be difficult to tell that `YlOrBr` is `YLORBR` in all caps. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note
    Due to the font in the image above, it may be difficult to tell that the yellow-orange-brown gradient, `YlOrBr`, is not `YIOrBr` - the second character is an `l`, not an `I`.
```
